-What's wrong?
-Stop.
-Say that again.
-Enough.
-Step back.
Enough. Step back.
Let them go this once.
Those prisoners,
our Yanzhou army shed blood
and sweat to capture them.
What right do you Jizhou troops have
to take half?
-Exactly.
-What right do you have?
What right?
Captain Fan and our Military Administrator
are deeply in love.
-Right.
-Soon they'll be family.
Half?
You should give us all of them.
It's only right.
-Exactly.
-Only right.
Shut up!
Nonsense!
Captain Fan already has a husband.
How could she possibly fool around with
Military Administrator Li behind his back?
Bullshit!
Captain Fan's husband died
on the battlefield long ago.
Even if he were alive,
how could he compare
to our Military Administrator?
Exactly.
Wait. Isn't your Military Administrator Li
supposed to marry the Grand Princess?
So why's he tangled up with Captain Fan?
-Exactly.
-None of your damn business.
Our Military Administrator visits
Captain Fan every single day. So what?
You, on the other hand,
could it be that your master
has his eye on Captain Fan too?
-Bullshit!
-What did you say?
You got a problem?
-Then fight.
-Why did you strike first?
-Stop it!
-Let go.
-Attention!
-Watch yourselves.
PEACE AND PROSPERITY ALONG THE BORDERS
We're all brothers in arms,
yet you fight and injure
each other over prisoners.
Where are the military regulations?
Lord Li, you be the judge.
You and Captain Fan
are practically family now.
Why split the military merits so clearly?
How dare you!
Such gossip shouldn't
be spoken carelessly.
I don't care if Military Administrator Li
likes Captain Fan or not.
But taking away the military merits of our
Yanzhou warriors?
That's not acceptable.
-Right?
-So what?
-You got a problem?
-Don't you?
All troops, hear my command!
TOKEN
Captain Fan and I have known
each other since we were nothing.
Just like all of you,
we share the bond of fighting
side by side, of life and death.
Today, Captain Fan and I have sworn
to be brother and sister.
From now on,
I will treat her as my own sister.
If anyone dares to spread rumors,
stir up trouble,
or slander Captain Fan's honor again,
they will receive 30 strokes
of the military cane, as a warning to all.
-Yes, sir.
Let's go.
Captain Fan.
YAMEN
You all go ahead.
Let's go.
Just now, calling you my sister,
that was only a temporary measure.
There are gossips in the army.
If it offended you,
please don't take it to heart.
How could I?
I've always considered you
as an elder brother.
I'm just afraid I don't deserve.
After all, I've barely read
any military books,
and I hardly know characters.
The way to know a person
lies in their inner qualities.
It has nothing to do
with reading or literacy.
Then as your sister,
I pay my courtesy to you, my brother.
Is that how it's said?
I hereby return the greetings.
That's how it's said.
Then I'll take my leave now.
ADAPTED FROM THE NOVEL ZHU YU
BY TUAN ZI LAI XI ON JJWXC.NET
HALL OF ARMS
This is absolutely outrageous!
Even in the palace,
I've never been treated
with such disrespect.
What are you doing?
You still expect me to drink this?
No. It's been days now.
The Marquis of Wu'an hasn't returned,
and the Grand Princess won't see me.
Let me tell you.
If you keep me
waiting here like this today,
I will immediately
set out for the capital.
I'll go before His Majesty.
I'll file an imperial complaint.
What's all this commotion?
Greetings to the Grand Princess.
Your Highness cares
so deeply for the soldiers
that you haven't found a moment
to see me all these days.
How truly touching.
You may go.
I've been overwhelmed with affairs lately,
truly unable to spare a moment.
I hope you'll understand.
May I ask why you've sought me out?
Your Highness has been away
from the palace for quite some time.
His Majesty and Empress Dowager An
are deeply concerned.
So they specially sent me to come
and see how the Grand Princess is faring.
Mother and His Majesty
know that I am here,
at the northwest front,
and yet they're not angry?
Eunuch, you may as well speak directly.
Your Highness is remarkably perceptive.
Indeed, before I came,
His Majesty and Empress Dowager An
specially asked me
to convey a message to Your Highness,
"Now that the Chongzhou rebels
have been pacified,
as the whole nation celebrates,
this marriage between you and the Marquis,
-it's better sooner than later."
-What did you say?
My marriage to whom?
The Marquis of Wu'an.
Preposterous!
My imperial brother is easily swayed.
It must be you foolish servants,
dredging up old matters
and fanning the flames,
that put this idea in his head.
This marriage, I do not accept it.
Your Highness, you left the palace
for less than six months.
Since when did you learn to curse?
The Marquis of Wu'an has earned
great distinction in battle.
By any measure,
he's a match of the highest order.
Besides, this is His Majesty's decree.
Surely you're not thinking of…
defying an imperial order?
This marriage,
you'd better take it up
with the Marquis of Wu'an first.
If he agrees,
then I'll agree.
Easy enough.
I'll see to it right away.
Please convey this to His Majesty for me.
I am grateful…
for my imperial brother's care.
I'll take my leave now.
Finally got that off my chest.
HE
It's been days now.
Busy or not, the Marquis
can't keep an imperial decree waiting.
This is a military camp. Please stop here.
Fine.
Open your worthless eyes wide
and look clearly!
I have the imperial decree right here!
Let's see who dares to stop me today!
Let's go.
Stop.
I know the Marquis
is busy with official duties.
But these past few days,
you haven't found a moment to see me.
Left with no choice,
I've brought the imperial decree
and come to trouble you here myself.
Come in.
Please.
I pay my respect to the Marquis.
What urgent matter
brings you here, Eunuch?
And daring to enter a military camp
without authorization just to see me?
Marquis, this is tremendous good news!
His Majesty has issued a decree.
Marquis of Wu'an…
The Marquis need not kneel to hear it.
His Imperial Majesty decrees,
"Heaven blesses our dynasty.
Now that the Chongzhou rebels
have been vanquished
and the nation rejoices,
the marriage between the Grand Princess
and the Marquis of Wu'an should be
-concluded sooner rather than later."
-Eunuch, say no more.
Go back and tell the young emperor
that urgent matters prevent the Marquis
from receiving the decree.
Consider today's words never spoken.
And no one else here
will breathe a word of it.
I wouldn't dare commit such an act
of deceiving the emperor.
Besides, this is His Majesty's favor
toward you, Marquis.
Just nod once, that's all it takes,
and I can return to the capital
and report back to His Majesty.
But if I…
refuse to nod?
Refuse…
Marquis, are you saying
you'd defy the decree?
I wouldn't dare deceive the emperor.
Defy the decree?
Marquis. What do you think you're doing?
Marquis of Wu'an…
Are you really plotting rebellion?
The Xie family has served Dayin
loyally for a hundred years.
My father even earned the title of martyr.
I simply don't want to tarnish his name.
Go back and tell the young emperor,
if he doesn't want to sit on that throne,
I can easily find someone else
to take his place.
Seventeen years ago,
Wei Yan helped him onto the dragon throne.
Today,
I can easily pull him down.
What?
Marquis of Wu'an,
do you realize
you're threatening His Majesty?
Please, Marquis, don't kill me.
I'm just a messenger for the decree.
I merely wish for harmony
between ruler and subject.
If you misreport my words,
don't let it jeopardize matters of state.
Thank you.
Thank you, Marquis, for sparing my life.
-It's…
-Take it yourself.
Leave quickly!
Be gentle.
ARMED AND UNYIELDING
Xie Jiuheng.
Eunuch Li came here on imperial orders.
Cutting off his ear… That's practically
slapping the emperor in the face.
What now?
Are we picking a fight with the court?
The young emperor
is still playing the fool
under Wei Yan's thumb.
Does he dare pick a fight with me?
His Majesty sits at the throne
since he was a child.
He has his authority usurped
by Chancellor Wei all these years.
By now, he must be desperate for power.
I don't think he'll let this slide.
If he doesn't want to sit on that throne,
I can find someone else to take his place.
As it happens, I have been
considering deposing the emperor.
Depose the emperor?
Are you serious?
I know the Dayin court
is too muddy to look at.
I know you don't want to serve
such a worthless ruler.
But if
we support the imperial grandson now,
give it a decade or two,
who's to say Yu Bao'er
won't turn into another Qi Sheng?
What Yu Bao'er becomes in the future,
I don't know.
But I will never become another Wei Yan.
Alright. By the way,
aren't you heading back to Jizhou Yamen?
What for?
That Li Huai'an
keeps visiting Mrs. Fan every other day.
You're really not worried?
Don't look at me like that.
They've already started calling each other
brother and sister, building rapport.
And when she's vulnerable,
he'll seize the opportunity.
-The most basic courtship tactic--
-Enough.
-You're the advanced one. Happy?
-I…
Mind your own business.
Report!
Marquis,
Sui Yuanqing, with the remaining enemy
from Chongzhou, is attacking us.
How many troops?
Just a few dozen soldiers,
charging the gate like madmen,
with no reinforcements behind them.
Looks like they're here to die.
Xie Zheng!
Come out, you coward!
Let's settle this today.
Why put yourself through this, Young Heir?
Why come all this way just to die?
Save your false pity.
You and Fan Changyu killed my father.
If I don't avenge him,
I'm not fit to live.
Prepare to die!
CHONGZHOU
If he believes it, fine.
If not,
destroy the Eastern Palace seal
on the spot.
It must never fall
into anyone else's hands.
Rest assured, Master.
LADY YIN, PRINCESS CHANGXIN
Mother?
What brings you here so suddenly?
Why do you treat your brother this way?
Yuanqing said he wanted to avenge Father.
That's filial piety. I couldn't stop him.
Filial piety?
Then why don't you go fulfill it yourself?
I have to stay
and take care of you, Mother.
You knew perfectly well the Marquis
of Wu'an is hunting you everywhere.
Yet you still stirred up Yuanqing
to avenge the prince.
How vicious.
Father never liked me.
And in your heart,
you always preferred
Yuanqing too, didn't you?
He's my son.
Of course I prefer him.
Mother,
what do you mean by that?
What mother
doesn't recognize her own child?
After that fire 17 years ago,
I brought you back.
At first,
seeing you so disfigured, my heart ached.
But when I learned you weren't Yuanhuai,
my heart ached even more.
So you knew all along.
Then,
why didn't you expose me
right then and there?
You were just
a small child then,
disfigured by the Crown Princess
just to stay alive.
While recovering in Changxin Manor,
you were so pitiful,
crying every day for your mother.
It softened my heart.
I thought,
since heaven let you live
in my son's place, then let you live well.
Consider it good karma for my Yuanhuai,
who died poorly and unjustly.
But I was wrong.
I thought you were just a lost dog.
Never imagined you were a starving wolf.
The greatest regret of my life
is taking a viper for a son,
becoming a mother to someone so venomous.
I am Qi Min, the Crown Prince's grandson
of the Eastern Palace.
Isn't being my mother
good enough for you?
I only have
Yuanqing and Yuanhuai as my sons.
You…
didn't deserve it!
Don't think that just because
you were kind to me,
I wouldn't dare kill you.
I… I gave you a chance.
But don't worry.
Xie Zheng will soon send Sui Yuanqing
to your side to fulfill his filial duty.
-Take her body. It might still be useful.
-Yes, sir.
HE
Come in.
Fan,
is it true your husband's going to be
the prince consort?
I thought Li Menkan
was marrying the princess.
Swapping grooms at the last minute
for something this big? Really?
I don't want to talk about this.
Alright.
You asked me to look into Sui Yuanhuai.
I found something.
Word is, tonight
they're sending out a large force.
Probably a massive manhunt
for that bastard.
That traitor's crafty,
slyer than a fox, sneakier than a weasel.
Even the troops your husband…
I mean Marquis of Wu'an
sent before, he's fooled them
multiple times.
He's muddying the waters.
When we're tired of searching,
he'll slip away.
So he's the son of some crown prince?
He could've…
could've been the emperor?
He could have been, once.
If he was so noble,
why would he pretend to be Sui Yuanhuai?
You've watched plenty of puppet plays.
You see it all the time, don't you?
Those nobles and lords,
scheming and fighting day in and day out.
It's all just greed for the throne
and the power, like flies after meat.
Fan, what are you looking at?
Qian once said
he's terrified of fire,
won't even light a lamp at night.
If that's the case,
we can look for houses
that should have lamps lit
but are pitch black.
That narrows down the search.
Why are you so set on finding him, though?
Just to get even for Ms. Yu?
You wouldn't understand. That man…
might be connected to something huge.
He once showed me a tiger tally.
Said it had something to do
with the Jinzhou tragedy.
It's connected to Jinzhou?
Then Yan Zheng must really
want to catch him
and get some answers.
Take my token. Tell them
there's an operation tonight.
Good training for our squad.
Got it.
-Someone's inside. Circle around.
-Okay.
GRACE IN HEART, PURITY IN FORM
Throat's been cut.
Looks like he's been dead a while.
How did he die?
Keep searching.
See if he has a tiger tally on him.
What tiger?
The tiger tally, like in the operas.
Just search him.
Okay.
Captain Fan Changyu
pays her respects to the Marquis.
Jin Changsheng pays his respects
to Prince Consort.
One more word and you're transferred
to the kitchen brigade.
Yes, Prince Consort.
I'm going, Prince Consort.
Sui Yuanhuai is dead.
That trail… is gone cold.
Sui Yuanhuai just died like that?
Looks a lot like Sui Yuanhuai.
All the evidence
points to him being dead.
But the more proof we have,
the more suspicious it gets.
Have Zhao Xun
come identify him personally.
Either way,
in this world,
Sui Yuanhuai no longer exists.
For years, there have been rumors
that Wei Yan held the tiger tally
by imperial order, seeking reinforcements
to break the siege at Jinzhou.
But on the way,
he suddenly turned back to the capital,
delaying the rescue.
Back then, Wei Qilin was transporting
grain but suddenly diverted to Chongzhou.
Wei Yan must have ordered him
to use the tiger tally
to mobilize troops there.
Yet in the end,
Prince Changxin never sent troops,
and the grain was delayed,
and no one knows why.
If Prince Changxin
saw the tiger tally back then
but claimed it was fake
and refused to send troops…
That would mean
Wei Qilin was truly wronged.
Seems like…
we're getting closer to the truth
about the Jinzhou tragedy.
If only we could find that tiger tally.
I searched Prince Changxin's belongings,
even Sui Yuanqing's personal belongings.
Nothing.
That Sui Yuanqing
would rather be tortured
than tell us where the tally is.
He even had the nerve to mock me.
I should've let Mrs. Fan
cut him down with one blow.
Marquis,
Zhao Xun has examined the body.
As you suspected,
the dead man isn't Sui Yuanhuai.
It's a double raised by Nanny Lan.
Not only does this double look like him,
every single burn scar on his body
was meticulously replicated.
And the woman who died in the manor,
has her identity been confirmed?
Zhao Xun identified her.
It's indeed Princess Changxin.
Killed his own foster mother
just to save himself.
To catch Sui Yuanhuai… No,
time to call him by his real name.
To catch Qi Min,
we'll need other leads.
Anything else?
All leads are dead ends.
Strange thing is,
every time we close in,
it's like they're ready for us.
I suspect
he's got eyes inside the command.
Looks like someone's being used as a pawn,
and they still think
they're fighting for justice.
Marquis, what's our next move?
Take Zhao Xun to see Sui Yuanqing.
Bring him the news of
Princess Changxin's death.
First squad, left. Second squad, right.
Spread out in a fan formation.
-Yes, sir.
Check the bushes and rocks.
Copy that.Turn everything over.
Leave no spot untouched.
-Let's move.
-Check over there.
Nothing here.
Over there.
Follow me.
Master, it's the Xie army.
Sui Yuanqing wasn't enough.
Looks like the Marquis
won't stop until he has my head.
How's Madam's whereabouts?
No sign of her yet.
Master, the Li family took plenty from us,
and still no sign of their support.
They're letting the Marquis hunt us down.
You don't think they've turned on us?
If the Li family had turned,
we'd have been captured long ago.
But for being grandfather and grandson,
Grand Tutor Li and Li Huai'an
really aren't on the same page.
Almost time now.
He should be here soon,
if he believed me.
Master.
With Grand Tutor Li's help,
I'm most pleased.
-I need to tell you something.
-I don't want to hear it.
I just want you to know.
Anyone in this world
can be a prince consort.
But I, Xie Zheng, will not.
I already married into your family.
I belong only to Fan Changyu.
For this lifetime,
my heart is yours alone.
You…
Can you stop being so good to me?
The kinder you are,
the more uneasy I feel.
Is it because of who you are?
You know?
I saw that letter.
I know he was your father.
I also know what you're afraid of.
But I want you to know.
I'll keep investigating,
until I find the truth.
And on this path,
I want to be by your side.
But Sui Yuanhuai is dead.
What if the truth isn't what we think?
That's the second thing
I wanted to tell you.
I'm planning
to release Sui Yuanqing.
What?
-You may go.
-Yes.
Young Heir.
Zhao Xun.
You traitor!
You betrayed my big brother!
Young Heir.
It was your brother who betrayed you.
A traitor.
Seeing that my big brother
has already escaped,
you want to coax
a confession for the Marquis
and drive a wedge between us brothers.
Save your breath.
Even if I can't kill you today,
my brother will avenge me soon enough.
And Princess Changxin's death,
who will avenge her?
Mother is dead?
Marquis of Wu'an!
Some hero you are,
laying hands on a woman!
The one who killed the princess
wasn't the Marquis of Wu'an.
It was Sui Yuanhuai.
No.
We should call him Qi Min.
Who?
All these years,
your dear elder brother,
he isn't Sui Yuanhuai.
He's Qi Min,
the former Eastern Palace grandson,
killed by Prince Changxin.
The real Sui Yuanhuai
died 17 years ago,
in that fire at the Eastern Palace.
No.
Impossible.
You're just using me
to go after my brother.
Young Heir,
wake up.
Qi Min killed the princess
to fake his own death and escape.
He's already reclaimed his identity
as the imperial grandson.
He's Qi Min, the one who destroyed your
family and left Changxin Manor in ruins.
No…
It's not like that.
Aren't you my brother's lackey?
Why are you telling me this?
That's right.
I used to follow Qi Min,
but that was for the sake
of the true imperial line.
He is brutal in his nature.
He's unfit to inherit the throne.
I was forced
to turn to the Marquis of Wu'an.
Sui Yuanhuai…
No…
Qi Min.
I'll tear you limb from limb.
Avenge my father and mother!
Young Heir.
I can let you go.
Let me go?
Why?
My mother, Nanny Lan,
raised Qi Min for years
and died by his hand.
I only regret I'm not strong enough.
If you can eliminate Qi Min,
both our vendettas will be settled.
You're nothing but a lackey.
But if you let me go,
I'll give you what you want.
Young Heir, this way.
You really think he can find Qi Min?
They've been brothers all these years.
He'll find a way.
19TH DAY, 7TH MONTH
17TH YEAR OF ZHENGPING
Sui Yuanqing escaped from prison.
What?
Get this to the post officer.
Send it to the capital now. No delays.
Yes, sir.
YAMEN
NO ANIMALS WERE HARMED
IN THE MAKING OF THIS EPISODE
Subtitle translation by: Wanjiao Song